##02. - Deadlines

###Delivery and Delays
My job is to render services to you in a timely and professinal matter. My goal is to have work ready for review on or before all milestone/deadlines. Should such a situation arise in which I will not meet a deadline, I will keep you updated to the best of my ability and provide proper notice no less than 48 hours prior to said deadline. If you feel that a project is being delayed unnecessarily, please contact me as soon as possible to discuss the setback and determine proper course of action moving forward.

###Feedback and Resources from Client
My relationship with you is not a simple handing over of specifications and a quiet completion of them. Feedback is critical to ensure that the vision of the project is met, and that no unecessary efforts are exherted by either party. When a milestone is met, timely feedback is expected from you before moving on to the next milestone.

Often, I may require documents, materials, resources from you in order to complete a project (e.x. prior logo & graphic design assets, web site copy, photographs, etc). These will always be requested from you a minimum of 48 hours before their expected use, and must be submitted to me in a timely manner. If materials are not available by the requested date, upcoming deadlines and milestones may need to be rescheduled.

Further, by signing this document, you agree that you are either the owner or licensee of any and all documents, materials, or other resources you provide to me, and that they are legal to use in the project. I am not liable for an legal repurcussions stemming from the use of materials you have provided to me.

Milestones and deadlines are to be defined in a per-project agreement, separate from this document.
